# facebook-reaction-data-analysis
This project will analyze Facebook user's reaction behavior for further marketing purpose. 
The main purpose of this project is investigating the Online selling market and customers’ behaviors of Facebook in Thailand, then provide some recommendations for the sellers so that they could approach their marketing and selling goal. The data set was conducted by collecting every single data of a Facebook’s post such as number of likes, number of reactions, … from 10 Thai cosmetics and fashion retail seller’s post on Facebook. We could separate the likes and reactions into smaller categories in order to know how do the customers feel about the posts. This study aims to determine how Facebook social environment can help resellers approach their selling plan, based on the research which was collected from Thai reseller’s Facebook pages. The results indicate that the photos have been used the most and it also have the most reactions. Moreover, the users should not post links or simple status quotes because the consumers give no attention to those status types. The research concludes that most of the post are in photo or video type will gain a lot of attention. It is recommended that the Thai resellers should have their post as a video with great contents in order to reach the customer’s interaction. 

Data set: Facebook live sellers in Thailand dataset
Data set information: The variability of consumer engagement is analysed through a Principal Component Analysis, highlighting the changes induced by the use of Facebook Live. The seasonal component is analysed through a study of the averages of the different engagement metrics for different time-frames (hourly, daily and monthly). Finally, we identify statistical outlier posts, that are qualitatively analysed further, in terms of their selling approach and activities.
Data Set URL: http://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Facebook+Live+Sellers+in+Thailand#
